("You Can Do Magic")
♪♪♪
♪ I never believed in things
that I couldn't see ♪
♪ I said if I can't feel it,
then how could it be ♪
♪ No, no magic
could happen to me ♪
♪ And then I saw you ♪
♪ I couldn't believe it ♪
♪ You took my heart,
I couldn't retrieve it ♪
♪ Said to myself,
what's it all about ♪
♪ Now I know there
can be no doubt ♪
♪ You can do magic ♪
♪ You can have anything
that you desire ♪
♪ Magic ♪
♪ And you know you're the one
who can put out the fire ♪
♪ You know darn well
when you cast your spell ♪
♪ You will get your way ♪
♪ When you hypnotize
with your eyes ♪
♪ A heart of stone
can turn to clay ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo ♪
♪ And when the rain is
beatin' upon the window pane ♪
♪ And when the night
it gets so cold ♪
♪ When I can't sleep ♪
♪ Again you come to me ♪
♪ I hold you tight,
the rain disappears ♪
♪ Who would believe it ♪
♪ With a word you dry my tears ♪
♪ You can do magic ♪
♪ You can have anything
that you desire ♪
♪ Magic ♪
♪ And you know you're the one
who can put out the fire ♪
♪ You know darn well when
you cast your spell ♪
♪ You will get your way ♪
♪ When you hypnotize
with your eyes ♪
♪ A heart of stone
can turn to clay ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo ♪
♪ And If I wanted to ♪
♪ I could never be free ♪
♪ I never believed it was true ♪
♪ But now it's so clear to me ♪
♪ You can do magic ♪
♪ You can have anything
that you desire ♪
♪ Magic ♪
♪ And you know you're the one
who can put out the fire ♪
♪ You know darn well
when you cast your spell ♪
♪ You will get your way ♪
♪ When you hypnotize
with your eyes ♪
♪ A heart of stone
can turn to clay ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ You're the one who
can put out the fire ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ You're the one who
can put out the fire ♪
♪ Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, dit ♪
♪ You're the one who
can put out the fire ♪